# Meeting 8 March 2022 14:00

## Present:

- Stephen O'Loughlin
- Luca van Straaten
- Bas van Driel
- Bart Louwes
- Bob Swinkels

## Content
Not much has changed since the last meeting. Except the requirements are clear now. 

### Luca

> "This information is 100% factual, probably..." - Luca

NTP timeservers are very easy. Can be setup by a single command on the Raspberry Pi: 

``` bash
sudo apt-get install ntp
```

This also configures a firewall on the Pi which is handy and we can set the GPA as the clock source for the time server [^1].

We should choose how we correct if the timeserver is out of sync. We can use (cosine/linear) time smearing or just jump to the correct time. In both cases someone will have to deal with the inaccuracies in some way.

In short:

> Use RPI with a RTC to send the NMEA GPS time to the LIDAR even after LOS and smear at AOS only if DELTA is small.

### Bob

- Arduino 16Mhz = 16.000.000 Hz
    - 10 LIDAR revolutions per second = 1.600.000 clock cycles per revolution = plenty of time to do everything in software
- LIDAR supports NMEA over ethernet so we can only connect the LIDAR to the pulse signal and to ethernet. 
- Raspi can handle NMEA over UART [^2].

```
               ┌──────────┐
               │GPS Module│
               └───┬──┬───┘
             PULSE │  │  NMEA
           ┌───────┘  └──────┐
           ▼                 ▼
       ┌───────┐          ┌─────┐
       │Arduino│          │Raspi│
       └─┬───┬─┘          └─┬──┬┘
  TRIGGER│   │PULSE     NMEA│  │NTP
    ┌────┘   └──────┐  ┌────┘  └───────┐
    ▼               ▼  ▼               ▼
┌──────┐          ┌─────┐        ┌──────────┐
│Camera│          │Lidar│        │NTP Router│
└──────┘          └─────┘        └──────────┘
```

### Bas

**Presentation:**
- There is a tutorial for Ubuntu to link the lidar to ROS to easily view the pointcloud [^3].
- The lidar provides an html frontend for diagnostics and to change various settings
- To sync the lidar a PPS signal and a valid $GPRM message is required.
    - GPRM is the Recommended minimum specific GPS/Transit data sentence for NMEA, used to pass GPS related information.
    - NMEA messages follow the RS232 standard. The interface is capable of handling voltages between ±15 VDC
    - The NMEA message needs to be supplied once per second
    - If supplied from MCU the signal needs to be inverted because RS232 is high in idle state.
    - The message can also be supplied via ethernet

- The two rules of synchronization
    1. different sensors are triggered simultaneously
    2. each sensor sample is associated with a precise timestamp.

- Will NTP be precise enough? Many sources advises against it.

**Afterwards:**

We may need a local RTC for local time keeping.

To sync the LIDAR a Pulse signal **and** a NMEA message is required.

Do the triggerbox and raspi cooperate or are they running standalone?

Should we use an arduino if we can do everything on a Raspi? 

### Bart 

Didn't have the chance yet to bundle his research because he was sick.

### Presentation tips

Make your presention dominated by diagams and figures. People take that in much more quickly. 

Start very easy, reminding evrything whats going on. Reintroduce the basics. Set the dtage for what you're going to say first. People love when they know what's going on. So easy -> hard -> easy.

## TODO

- [ ] Improve plan of approach.
- [ ] Make a plan of requirements.
- [x] Everyone: read the LIDAR datasheet.
    - Especially about the NMEA time synchronization from the GPS module.
- [ ] Ask Mr. Fernando Garcia for the GPS module/antenna.
- [ ] Ask Mr. Fernando Garcia what the reference is for the 1ms accuracy.
- [ ] Make block diagrams.

## Next meeting
- The next meeting will be on 15 March 2022 at 14:00.

[^1]: https://weberblog.net/ntp-server-via-gps-on-a-raspberry-pi/
[^2]: https://robu.in/interfacing-of-gps-module-with-arduino-and-raspberry-pi/
[^3]: _LINK WILL BE ADDED LATER_