# Meeting 23 February 2022 16:00

## Present:
- Fernando Garcia Fernandez
- Luca van Straaten
- Bas van Driel
- Bart Louwes
- Bob Swinkels

## Requirements
- Basic: have the camera and LIDAR synchronized.
- Mr. Garcia Fernandez will ask tomorrow for a camera.
- We should use a trigger box. Based on Arduino, two options. 
    - PPS signal divided by 10 
    - Fallback 10 Hz and 1 Hz signal when no GPS 
- We can assume that the LIDAR has a fixed frequency. 
- Three camera trigger outputs, extendable to a maximum of 6. Each with a configurable phase.
- Arduino-like can also be another microcontroller. 
- 1-millisecond accuracy. Very expensive ones are microsecond accuracy.
- Shutter-signal to frame takes time (compensate for it)?
- Status LED or LCD. Show if it's connected.
- We do not need to know if the LIDAR is synchronized. That is handled on a different level.

- Find a way to synchronize the LIDAR time while the GPS is not connected:
    - NTP
    - Faking NMEA messages

- We should very well know what happens when we have no GPS.
- It doesn't matter how we synchronize the time after a GPS loss, instant or smearing.

## Other comments
- We should account for a minimum of one month of full-time testing.
- We can rely on the lab of Mr. Garcia Fernandez for the LIDAR configuration.
- We should get comfortable with ROS. We can follow the tutorials (basic and intermediate). We will analyze the images and data through ROS. UBUNTU 18 and ROS Kinetic.

## Next meeting
- With Mr. O'Loughlin: 8 March 2022 14:00
- With Mr. Garcia Fernandez: 9 March 2022 15:00
