# Meeting 15 February 2022 14:00

## Present:
- Stephen O'Loughlin
- Luca van Straaten
- Bas van Driel
- Bart Louwes
- Bob Swinkels

## Content
We must discuss what we expect from Mr. O'Loughlin during this project, so all expectations are aligned and we can use each other's time as efficiently as possible. 

We must determine the numbers and specifications for all the things defined in the project. That way, we know where to spend our time.

We will keep the meetings with Mr. O'Loughlin and Mr. Garcia Fernandez separate. Thus, two separate, weekly meetings.


## ToDo/Important
- Discuss what the preferred work form is for meetings with Mr. O'Loughlin.
- Finish PvA.
- Mr. O'Loughlin will check the deadline for the PvA.
  - *Edit: Mr. O'Loughlin let us know the deadline is 23:59 on 20/02/2022*
- Determine a way to share files, notes, and collaborate. Ready before the next meeting with Mr. O'Loughlin.
- Give Mr. O'Loughlin access to the shared files.
- Bas: Cancel meeting Mr. Garcia Fernandez next Friday
- Bas: Meeting invitation team meeting next Friday to discuss progress PvA.
- Bob: Create Github for collaboration and Project Management. 

## Next meeting
The next meeting will be on 22 February 2022 at 14:00.