# Meeting 11 February 2022 16:00

## Present:
- Fernando Garcia Fernandez
- Luca van Straaten
- Bas van Driel
- Bart Louwes
- Bob Swinkels

## Content
Everyone introduced themselves

At the moment, the camera and LIDAR sample at different rates. They must sample information at the same time for high-speed applications. The project's goal is to make hardware that can synchronize the camera and LIDAR with each other.

The LIDAR rotates around its axis and takes measurements continuously. It takes 100ms to make a 360-degree sweep. When the lidar is at the zero degrees position a picture must be taken. This means the camera needs to be triggered with a frequency of around 10 HZ. 

Currently, an algorithm is already in place to do semantic segmentation. This data will be combined with the LIDAR data. 

We can also work on calibration if there's time left and we've successfully synchronized the camera and LIDAR. Mr. Garcia Fernandez has developed a method for this [^1]. 

## ToDo/Important
- Check which camera's are available
- The camera must be capable of receiving a TTL signal
- Arduino that can keep 10Hz signal when input is lost
- PTP time protocol must be used to set the RaspberryPi (crony[^2])
- NMEA 1hz signal
- Gather information about the sensors
- Check basler camera's 
- Synchronized post of Basler port
- Check which LIDAR is available
  - *Edit: Mr. Garcia Fernandes let us know it's the Velodyne Puck VLP-16[^3]*

[^1]: https://github.com/beltransen/velo2cam_calibration
[^2]: https://opensource.com/article/18/12/manage-ntp-chrony
[^3]: https://velodynelidar.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/63-9243-Rev-E-VLP-16-User-Manual.pdf