# Meeting 22 February 2022 14:00

## Present:

- Stephen O'Loughlin
- Luca van Straaten
- Bas van Driel
- Bart Louwes
- Bob Swinkels

## Content

### Feedback PvA

Introduction, some stuff lower down in the document can be moved up. It doesn't introduce the project very well like this. By reading the introduction, it should be clear what the project is about, that it's a school project. 

The main thing to improve is clarity for someone from the outside.

This is not a FAIL, but if we submit an improved version, then it'll approve our grade.

Change agile into another cycle because we can get judged by it. Design every part as a subsystem. 

Add testing procedure. We should determine these while making the requirements. The requirements should be our best estimate.

**DEADLINE:** The week after the holidays.

### File sharing 

- Determine a way to share files, notes, and collaborate. Ready before the next meeting with Mr. O'Loughlin.
- Give Mr. O'Loughlin access to the shared files.
- Next step

## Meeting Mr. Fernando Garcia

Bas read the entire datasheet and has some questions already for mister Fernando Garcia.

### Questions

- Should we use the timestamps or the "Synced" flag for synchronization?
- How accurately does it need to be?
- Can we run everything on the Raspberry Pi, or is that not "real-time" enough?
- More information about the other team working on this project?
    - Do they also have settings for the LIDAR?
    - Can we get in touch?
- Is the georeferencing data necessary? There are two modes; you can supply a GPS signal *or* a 10Hz signal.
- Do we need to align the FOV? 
- CURL usage? Did anyone use it previously?

## Tip from Mr. O'Loughlin

When doing research, make a presentation for your other teammates and give a presentation for the other teammates. About four slides, each slide completely clear of what you found, one point per slide. 10 minutes per person. We can do that during the next meeting. 

## TODO

- [x] Add Mr. O'Loughlin to GitHub
- [ ] Improve plan of approach
- [ ] Make a plan of requirements
- [ ] Everyone: read the LIDAR datasheet
    - Especially about the NMEA time synchronization from the GPS module.

## Next meeting

The next meeting will be on 8 March 2022 at 14:00.